README.md, before:

# QR code component solution

This is a solution to the [QR code component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/qr-code-component-iux_sIO_H). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)


**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like [FireShot](https://getfireshot.com/) to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it. 

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

**Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.**

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Tailwind CSS


### What I learned

- How to center an item and add shawod
- Adding colors
- Margin and padding in tailwind css


### Continued development

I would like to learn React and Next JS for my future projects.

### Useful resources

- [Tailwind Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation) - If your designing using tailwind the documentation is the only thing you will need.


## Author

- Website - [Mutasim Fuad Sarker](https://www.facebook.com/loban.sharker)
- Frontend Mentor - [@@Blip-Loban](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Blip-Loban)
- Twitter - [@@MutasimFuadSRK](https://twitter.com/MutasimFuadSRK)

Commit message:

added screenshot and mailto in readme file

README.md, after:


## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### Screenshot

![Final Project](./screenshots/screenshot.png)
![Solution](./screenshots/solution.png)

### Links

- Solution URL:(https://github.com/Blip-Loban/QR-code-component-solution)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process
   
   I started with Basic HTML then tried to find a way to center the content then worked my way up to add the styles.

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- Tailwind CSS


### What I learned

- How to center an item and add shadow
- Adding colors
- Margin and padding in tailwind CSS


### Continued development

I would like to learn React and Next JS for future.

### Useful resources

- [Tailwind Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation) - If your designing using tailwind the documentation is the only thing you will need.


## Author

- Website - [Mutasim Fuad Sarker](https://www.facebook.com/loban.sharker)
- Frontend Mentor - [@Blip-Loban](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Blip-Loban)
- Twitter - [@MutasimFuadSRK](https://twitter.com/MutasimFuadSRK)
- <a href="mailto:mutasimfuadsarker@gmail.com?"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gmail-%23DD0031.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/></a>
